NO-NONSENSE END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

We're not lawyers and likely neither are most of you, by installing our software, you agree to the following no-nonsense agreement [Revision 4], which replaces all previous versions:  

1)	You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee eternal life for the software, as some future OS update, hotfix, or other software installation, may prevent our software from working correctly. 

2)	You agree that using software of any kind from any company is a risky activity, and that you will not hold us liable for any loss of any kind, including time, money,  data files, recovery costs, etc. that might be caused by using this program. This is not to say that we expect this to happen; just that you are responsible for backing up your own important files, passwords, etc, and operating your computer with care. 

3)	We believe in protecting your privacy, however that does not mean that we won’t implement internal monitoring procedures within and relating to our software to prevent abuse/misuse, software piracy, and protecting our intellectual copyright.

4)	You understand that you're not purchasing any rights in the software itself but rather a license to use the software on one computer at any specific time (unless specifically stated in the amendments), you are allowed to keep multiple backup copies.

5)	Use of software on more than one machine at the same time, including network use (unless specifically stated in the amendments), will require purchase of a multi-user site-license.

6)	You acknowledge that our obligation to you under any and all circumstances is limited: 
	(a) to replacing products you’ve purchased from us that become damaged or lost because of something we did 
	(b) our maximum liability will not exceed ONE UK Pound Sterling. 
	(c) any deposit paid for a project that is subsequently cancelled by client is non refundable.

7)	Should you purchase our optional “maintenance contract (MC)”, bug fixes and critical updates are included in price for the life of the contract, however whilst we will commit to investigating all bugs/issues raised, you acknowledge we (rarely) may not be able to fix/patch existing/legacy versions of the software.

8)	Adding new features to the software will be chargeable.

9)	All Rights to the source-code and software, including the right to withdraw support, terminate the development cycle at some point in the future, are reserved and retained by Domisoft.

Domisoft
EULA [Revision 5], 2023-08-15